new docs for on_schema_change (#747)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/building-a-dbt-project/building-models/configuring-incremental-models.md

Transaction management is used to ensure this is executed as a single unit of work.

## What if the columns of my incremental model change?

:::tip New `on_schema_change` config in dbt version `v0.21.0`

Incremental models can now be configured to include an optional `on_schema_change` parameter to enable additional control when incremental model columns change. These options enable dbt to continue running incremental models in the presence of schema changes, resulting in fewer `--full-refresh` scenarios and saving query costs.  

:::

You can configure the `on_schema_change` setting as follows.

<File name='models/staging/fct_daily_active_users.sql'>

```sql
{{
    config(
        materialized='incremental',
        unique_key='date_day',
        on_schema_change=['ignore', 'fail', 'append_new_columns', 'sync_all_columns'] --choose one
    )
}}
```

> </File>

Reviewer: Could you also include an example of setting this from the project file? Similar to how we show both for `incremental_strategy` below:
```yaml
models:
  +on_schema_change: sync_all_columns
```

The behaviors for `on_schema_change` are:  

* `ignore`: this is the default, and preserves the behavior of dbt versions <= v.0.20.0  

> * `fail`: triggers an error message when the source and target schemas diverge  

Reviewer: What do you think about using the words "old" and "new" here instead of "target" and "source"? I'm not convinced that's better, just thinking about what would be most intuitive for a person newly grokking incremental models

* `append_new_columns`: Append new columns identified in the temporary source schema to the target schema. Note that this setting does *not* remove columns from the target that are not present in the source.  

> * `sync_all_columns`: Adds any new columns to the target table and removes them from the temporary source schema. Note that this is *inclusive* of data type changes. On Bigquery, data type changes currently cause a full table scan, so we advise Bigquery users to be mindful of the trade-offs when implementing this setting.  

Reviewer: Just a bit of wordsmithing:
```suggestion
* `sync_all_columns`: Adds all new columns, and removes all columns that have been removed. Note that this is *inclusive* of data type changes.  On BigQuery, data type changes currently require a full scan of the existing table, so we advise BigQuery users to be mindful of the trade-offs when implementing this setting.
```

> **Note**: The `on_schema_change` behaviors do not currently include backfill functionality on the target table.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: None of the `on_schema_change` behaviors backfill values in old records for newly added columns. If you need to populate those values, we recommend running manual updates, or triggering a `--full-refresh`.
```

> ### For dbt versions <= v0.20.0, refer to the logic below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Default behavior

This is the behavior if `on_schema_change: ignore`, and on older versions of dbt.
```

<Changelog>

  - **v0.20.0:** Introduced `merge_update_columns`

>   - **v0.21.0:** Introduced `on_schema_change`

Reviewer: Could you move this to a new Changelog entry up under `## What if the columns of my incremental model change?`?
